# noop game library

## What is it?

noop is a library that helps with creation HTML5 games. It uses a
[canvas 2d context](http://www.w3.org/TR/2dcontext/) for rendering. The library
is written in CoffeeScript but should be usable from JavaScript without any
trouble.


## Who's using it?

noop grew out of a game project by the author which, at the time of writing, is
not released yet. The only released game using it so far is the Ludum Dare #23
entry [Tiny World War](http://www.kongregate.com/games/hannobraun/tiny-world-war-singleplayer-edition).


## Who's the author?

Hanno Braun<br/>
[mail@hannobraun.com](mailto:mail@hannobraun.com)<br/>
[http://hannobraun.com](http://hannobraun.com)<br/>


## What about the name?

What is probably noop's most obvious characteristic is the lack of any
object-oriented programming (oop )techniques. Non-oop, or noop for short,
describes this programming style and since I couldn't think of any good names, I
went with this one.

The name's also a play on the "no operation" instruction of CPUs, although
that's normally written "nop".


## Why another library?

I have a lot of odd ideas about programming, so I decided to try some of them
out.


## Is it any good?

It's undocumented, incomplete and lacks polish. Other than that, yes.


## So how do I get started?

The quickest way is to clone the
[noop-skeleton](https://github.com/hbraun/noop-skeleton) repository and follow
the directions there.


## I'd like to talk about this.

Feel free to drop me an email or post a comment
[on my blog](http://blog.hannobraun.com/2012/04/20/noop-a-html5-game-framework/).


## License

The noop game library is available under the license below. This repository
might also contain third-party code which is available under its own respective
license.

Copyright (c) 2012, Hanno Braun

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS
OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF
THIS SOFTWARE.
